Ricky's dress! Ricky's dress! Ricky's dress! Ricky's dress!
Ricky lost so badly. I thought he and Johnny were on the same level, but that was you leaving.
Ricky is a side character compared to Johnny.
If even Sean has moved on, remember how say she was with Ricky? Absolutely she was.
Well, good thing Johnny won't show him the time of day.
You sure about that? How quickly?
It has a sugar daddy. It's revolting to even think about.
What did you just say, Nancy?
Can you give me a bottle of water, please?
What a good job! Thank you.
Yeah. I think I twisted my wrist early.
Do you mind holding water for me? Do you mind holding the bottle for me?
Yeah, of course.
I am going to get some thanks for your wrist.
Thank you.
So, you must be Johnny. I hope you're not thinking of dating Shannon. She already has a sugar daddy.
Shut up. Why are you being so pathetic?
Don't be mad at Nancy. She's just concerned that you're being deceived.
We're all friends with Shannon and we're worried she's going down the wrong path.
She won't listen to us and maybe she can listen to you.
So, you think that being friends is what, spreading rumors about it.
I don't know about you, but I think that makes you a pretty bad friend.
No, no, no. It's not like that. We're genuinely concerned about Shannon and since she's chasing after you, you figured she might listen to you.
What? She's pursuing me.
Isn't it obvious she acted like this with Brittany?
Right, okay. Thanks for telling me, I guess, but you're wrong about one thing. I'm pursuing her.
What? I don't understand. Why does he like Shannon? She has a...
She has a stupid daddy.
Fine. If you want second-hand goods, then by all means, pursue her.
Oh, baby! I did. Now say that again.
I did. So I thought, no apologies.
Are you itching for another 20-mile run, Nancy?
You know, she's not completely wrong. Me and everyone saw you passing me before.
Ricky, I was so blind before, but you mean nothing to me.
Do you really want to be with Johnny?
And I'm obsessed with you. What does it matter if I'm with Johnny or not?
Shannon, I'll give you a second chance. You be my girlfriend.
What makes you think you're so important?
You're with Karen. I mean, do you not care how she feels when you say these things to me?
Shannon, I will ruin you in front of the principal and the board members.
Karen! You have completely crossed the line this time. I will never forgive you for this.
I don't care about your forgiveness, you piece of shit.
And so what now? She's all yours. First smart move you've made all day.
Hey, the wrist.
Yeah, it's all right. I'm glad I didn't have to punch that chair.
Hey, what's wrong?
Oh, it was just that thing you saw earlier.
Which thing?
Um, it was about you wanting to chase me.
Oh, well, I mean, technically the word I used was pursued right now.
Well, do you want to know if I want to be pursued?
Obviously.
All right, Mr. Wonder. I'm hungry.
So, I'm going to go to the cafeteria to get some food.
You want to come with?
Technically, that wasn't an answer.
Karen! Karen!
Hey, Karen!
Hey, don't be upset with me.
Why does Shannon get to be chased by Johnny while I'm stuck with this nobody?
Hey!
Karen only said those things to Shannon to calm her down.
All right, I'm not giving her a second chance.
I know. I was just feeling down.
Come on. Let's get out of here. Get food or something.
You can get whatever you want.
So, a steak dinner?
Whatever you want.
Okay, I'm not holding back then.
Sit here at my apartment.
You know, they're long gone.
You're still holding off the beer left.
What? You don't want me holding your arm?
I thought you were pursuing me.
I am. I am pursuing you.
You don't believe me?
I am.
I never said I don't believe you.
And do I have permission to pursue you?
Johnny, that's a little straightforward. I don't know what to say.
I guess I'll take that as a rest.
Hey, at your school award, Shannon, this week,
I'm going to be there.
And now you have a special gift for me.
He's not planning to confess to me on that day, is he?
In front of the whole school, it's too high profile.
Way too high profile.
I'm in a tutor room so far that you make top three.
And then you're going to have to give a speech in front of all those jerks who are meaning to you.
And they're not going to have no choice but to see just how brilliant you are.
That's a lot of confidence for that.
That was the gift you were going to give me?
I have the confidence.
Also, I think you should stay away from the tracks and I've done a bit of investigating and none of them.
I know.
In my previous life, that father and son scumbad do a whirlwind to me.
In this life, I'm going to send them to hell.
Hey, didn't you say you were going to treat me to something to help?
Yes.
Today, whatever a super teeny or Johnny wants, it's all me.
Let's go.
Look at that.
So shameless.
Oh, hi, are you always running after her?
Let go of your honey.
What is your relationship with Johnny Wonder?
You two being together this whole time?
No.
I wish.
But Johnny Wonder is so pure.
I'm afraid if I don't take things one step at a time, I'll scare them off.
I don't believe you.
You are lying to me.
You two little study sessions.
What are you actually doing?
It is not that kind of person.
Fine.
I mean, I was serious about caring before.
I've been alone.
I'm serious about you.
You're just upset seeing me with Johnny.
Thank you.
Yes.
Every time you look at me, you light up like a ball of joy.
I never once have you ever looked at me like that.
Doesn't it?
I used to feel pain there too.
Ricky, right?
He's new.
Everything.
Just to get confused and murdered and I will never.
I'll despair and pain again.
Everything that I've done to you is just the beginning.
And it's just going to get worse day by day.
Murder?
What are you talking about, Shannon?
I've never abused you once.
You look fine and well to me.
Get off of me.
I've got you so much.
Did you listen to her?
Get off of her.
Johnny, wonder?
This is none of your business.
I'm talking to Shannon right now.
You know, Shannon said, get off of her.
Were you going to do something about it?
Were you going to hit me?
Why don't we let shit?
You fucking hit me.
Yeah, I hit you.
You shouldn't get his hand started touching me.
But you know what?
I was going to use you as a toy.
And torture you until you went insane.
Do not get near me and Johnny.
Let's go.
Shannon, you ruined my relationship with Ricky.
I'm going to make you pay.
In front of everyone, I'm going to expose you and your sugar daddy.
I'm going to ruin you.
Well, that was embarrassing.
I'm sorry you had to see that again.
Shannon, I'm sorry that I wasn't there to help you.
If he hadn't heard that.
No, I will not let him hurt me a second time.
Shannon, he hurt you before?
I'm so embarrassed that I haven't been there for you.
I want you to know that from now on, I will always protect you.
No, no, it's not your fault.
It was my own foolishness.
Thanks, Johnny.
I just had a really bad dream.
In another lifetime, Ricky killed me.
But I woke up.
And in that dream was I.
Yeah, yeah, you were.
You actually came at the end.
And then?
And then...
Maybe I should just tell you that at the party.
Oh, actually, I can't believe I almost forgot to congratulate.
Your school's outstanding student representative award.
That is amazing, Shannon.
You really deserved this.
Well, I couldn't have done it without you.
Such a great tutor.
Which, by the way, I got you a gift as well.
Oh, I guess now I'm actually excited for the award ceremony.
It's a good one.
Professor, why is Shannon the outstanding student representative for this year's award ceremony?
It should be me.
It should have been you for years, but you insisted on giving it to Ricky.
Well, he deserved it.
You deserved it.
But you insisted on giving it to that boy.
Meanwhile, Shannon has been making great progress.
And her progress is an inspiration to all the other students.
How could they do this to me? It should be.
I'm sorry.
You've had the opportunity for the honors, but you kept turning it down.
You can talk to the principal if you want, but it won't change anything.
I'm sorry.
I can't understand.
Thank you for your time.
Shannon stole Ricky from me.
Now she's stealing my honor.
What else is she going to take from me?
That's Shannon and her sugar daddy.
What?
I'm going to expose you in front of everyone, Shannon.
Don't get ready.
I mean, you'd hear your speech.
I'm also excited to hear your speech, Dad.
I'm a board member.
Oh, I'm nervous.
I love you, sweetheart.
Let's welcome today's student representative for the award ceremony, Shannon Clark.
I'm Shannon Clark.
Today's student representative.
And I am so grateful to be giving this speech first.
I have something I'd like to report.
Come to my attention.
That's Shannon Clark is not qualified to be this year's outstanding student representative
because she's selling herself to an older man.
I'd like to expose Shannon before she can tarnish this school's reputation any more than she already has.
She's selling herself.
Her grades are unnaturally improving and she creates her fellow classmates with malice and with cruelty.
No, no, she's lying.
If you cream, I'm being kept.
Show your evidence.
If you're going to slander me in front of the entire school without any proof, you can sue you.
Who says I don't have any proof?
Everyone.
Please look at the big screen behind me.
God, the sugar daddy rumors are true.
Sorry.
I think these students have absolutely no idea what's going on.
I'm really sorry.
No need. No need.
I want to see what these imbeciles think that they can accomplish.
See, this is the evidence called Karen.
This is the man you claim is keeping you?
Yeah.
Shannon, what do you have to say for yourself?
Shannon, how are you doing?
So old and ugly.
How can you bring yourself to do it?
Oh, Karen.
Who says that this man is old and ugly?
If anything, I think he's the most handsome man in the entire world.
Well, second most handsome.
Hey, will I talk to second?
Shannon, you really have no shame, huh?
Being kept by this man, fine.
Take his money.
But calling him handsome?
She's in love with her sugar daddy.
Shannon, you really have no shame.
Could you at least try to act embarrassed?
I'm shameless because I think this man is handsome.
I was in love with you.
You're a disgrace to every student here.
You're a humiliation, Karen.
If anyone is going to be humiliated today, it's going to be true.
Oh, since you admitted it, why don't you apologize to everyone?
Drop out and maybe then you can salvage some dignity.
Oh, you're too kind.
That's why people walk all over you.
In my opinion, she should be expelled from the school.
Karen, I would like to know, told you I have a sugar daddy.
You have the photos, so someone must have tipped you off.
Do you have any witnesses?
Of course.
I have a witness.
Oh, Ricky Traps told us.
And we all believe Ricky.
Ricky, tell him what you told us.
Isn't it true?
Come on, Ricky.
Say something.
Is it true or not?
No.
Is this the witness?
Come on, Ricky.
Tell everyone the relationship I have with this man.
Pictures are worried.
I don't even know what I'm looking at.
Ricky, this is your last chance to tell everyone everything.
And Shannon, why are you dragging Ricky into this?
Sorry about enough, that you lost your shame.
Why are you trying to drag another person down with you?
Shannon, I know you've always liked Ricky, but you don't have to make him lie for you.
Karen is right.
Shannon, it's an embarrassment to be your classmate.
If you had any self-respect, you would drop out.
You want me to drop out?
What do you all say, classmates?
If she doesn't drop out, do we really want this scum to be in our school?
Drop out.
Let me know.
Shut up.
Trying to put you into this bullshit.
Dean, please stand up for us.
All the evidence points towards Shannon having a sugar daddy and being a pulley.
Just kidding.
Take her out.
She's a disgrace.
A disgrace.
Yes.
Especially with the new board member attending today's ceremony.
You have to deal with Shannon properly in order to maintain the school's reputation.
Indeed.
Improper behavior must be punished.
So tell me, how do you think I should handle it?
I mean, as Dean, what should I do?
Shannon, did you hear that?
The Dean is finally going to deal with you.
Dean, I suggest you expel her from the school.
No one wants her here.
Yes, you're sure?
And you're in your final year of university.
If I were to expel someone from your class, they wouldn't receive a diploma.
And all the hard work over the last three years would just be for nothing.
So what?
That's the price she pays for doing something wrong.
She should be severely punished.
As an example, for others.
Otherwise, we would have to call this place a brothel instead of a university.
So, you will agree that improper conduct causes harm to other students.
And tarnishes the university's reputation, you should be expelled.
Is that right?
No doubt about it.
This disgusting person should be expelled.
What do you think, Shannon?
A clear conscience is a sure card.
Dean, maybe let's not expel Shannon right away.
Maybe she admits that she made a mistake in front of everyone and gets down on her knees and begs.
Maybe the students will forgive her.
Wait, you want me to kneel down and beg for forgiveness?
Well, wouldn't that harm my reputation even more?
Shannon, would you just apologize so we could end this already?
Just can go back to the way they used to be.
Apologize.
Ricky, do you want to tell everyone what's going on?
And who this man means to me?
Or what are you?
Do you want to reveal to everyone who you truly are?
What does my identity have to do with you?
Looks like you're too scared to say it.
Okay.
I'm going to do it myself.
Ladies and gentlemen, Ricky Trax is the son of a chauffeur.
My chauffeur.
He's just a poor boy trying to spend my money to look cool for you idiots.
Ricky is the son of a driver?
Shannon really did pay for his birthday party.
And he lied by saying it was his card all along.
Shannon, I'm so sick of your shit.
I'm done giving you awards.
I cannot tolerate any more.
I've done everything that I get for you.
I get caring for you.
I've done so much.
Hey, asshole.
What?
Hi.
Did you just snoozing fucking hit me?
Yeah.
I did.
What's this?
Ricky Trax, my family, the Clark's practically raised you.
And yet you are still an ungrateful little shit.
Just like your father.
That's Shannon's sugar daddy.
He's a member of the board.
What are you going to do?
What's everyone going to think when they find out you're sleeping with a student?
What's your family going to think?
Karen, shut up.
Do you even know who he is?
Don't don't care who he is.
He's sleeping with a student.
He should be in jail.
Just shut up.
Shannon, come here.
Move away from me, creepy little girl.
Let me introduce myself.
I am Reginald Francis Alloysius Clark.
And I am the newest member here at the Roses Academy.
I'm also the head of the Alumni Association.
As well, I am on the state board of business affairs.
This beautiful young woman is my daughter, Shannon.
And I have loved, cherished and protected her since the day she was born.
And yet some of you think it is appropriate to humiliate, insult and damage her reputation.
Let me tell you, this is your worst day.
No, no, no.
He's got to be an ambassador.
Karen, stop talking.
What is going on here?
What is happening?
What is happening here?
Earlier, some of you students were talking about those who have questionable morals that would
willfully hurt another student and damage the reputation of this school.
That they should be expelled.
Is it that correct, Dean?
Yes.
Very well.
We'll do a protocol in place then.
Those who have spread these vicious lies and rumors will be expelled.
Correct?
Mr. Clark, sir, it's not like that.
I didn't know that Shannon was your daughter.
I did not do it on purpose.
You did not do it on purpose.
You mean you didn't know.
To every student who participated in bullying my daughter, you will never work in this city.
And as for the ringleaders, Karen, Ricky, Yancy, I suggest you pull out your cheap little
phones and book flights the hell out of this city and move far, far away.
Oh, it's over.
I'm finished.
Mr. Clark, even if the rumors about you aren't real, it doesn't change the fact that Shannon
used your money to keep Johnny as a boy toy.
Are you saying my daughter brought Johnny?
Johnny Wonder?
Yeah.
Yeah, don't you see the way she dangles all over him?
We're suggesting that the Clark family has the money-powered influence to buy Johnny Wonder.
Do you know who he is?
What?
Pay attention.
You've heard of the Boy Prince.
Air to the biggest conglomerate in the city.
The family that owns 99.9% of every building in the city.
That is Johnny Wonder.
He is the Boy Prince.
Johnny!
Johnny is Boy Wonder.
That's not, that's just not-
And with that due respect, he owns the city, Karen.
No.
No, that's not possible.
No, I don't believe.
You two are both as good as finished.
Whether or not you believe it.
There's no difference at all.
Mr. Dean?
If you please.
You're out of here.
No, no, no, no.
Don't!
Stop!
Mr. Clark, those two have proven themselves to be incredibly malicious people who go to any
length it takes to hurt Shannon.
I request you allow me to deal with them my own way.
Of course.
Thank you.
Shannon, I told you that I would give you a gift.
With this sound.
Oh, hold on.
Johnny, I'm so grateful to have you in my life.
And when I first met you, I felt mixed emotions of gratitude, but I couldn't help but fall in love with you.
We've already missed on so much time, and I don't want to waste any more, so.
Let's get married right away.
Wait, you are the one proposing to me?
Shannon, I have to tell you something.
I know that I missed you once before.
You know, I lost you in a previous life.
But in this life, I promise I will always be with you.
In this life, you will never suffer.
You remember too.
In my next life, I will make sure you are the happiest woman in the world.
It's really nice to see you again.
This car is a pleasure to see you too.
Do you want to know if I want to be pursued?
It's a second time.
Shall he hurt you before?
I'm so embarrassed that I haven't been there for you.
I want you to know that from now on, I will always protect you.
Thank you, Universe, for the second chance.
Oh, Heaven.
Oh, Johnny, I can't wait to be with you in this life and in every other.